Traslate YDB concepts (#8172)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/_includes/ttl.md

## How it works {#how-it-works}

> {{ ydb-short-name }} lets you specify a TTL column in a [row-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#row-oriented-tables) and [column-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#column-oriented-tables) table. Values in TTL columns set the lifetime of items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-short-name }} allows you to specify a TTL column in both [row-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#row-oriented-tables) and [column-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#column-oriented-tables) tables. Values in TTL columns determine the lifetime of table rows.
```

> {{ ydb-short-name }} allows you to specify a TTL column in both [row-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#row-oriented-tables) and [column-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#column-oriented-tables) tables. Values in TTL columns determine the lifetime of table rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-short-name }} allows you to specify a TTL column in both [row-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#row-oriented-tables) and [column-oriented](../datamodel/table.md#column-oriented-tables) tables. Values in TTL columns determine the table rows lifetime.
```
